# Loop over DataFrame (1)
Iterating over a Pandas DataFrame is typically done with the iterrows() method. Used in a for loop, every observation is iterated over and on every iteration the row label and actual row contents are available:

for lab, row in brics.iterrows() :
    ...
In this and the following exercises you will be working on the cars DataFrame. It contains information on the cars per capita and whether people drive right or left for seven countries in the world.

## Instructions
Write a for loop that iterates over the rows of cars and on each iteration perform two print() calls: one to print out the row label and one to print out all of the rows contents.

```{python}
# Import cars data
import pandas as pd
cars = pd.read_csv('cars.csv', index_col = 0)

# Iterate over rows of cars
for lab, row in cars.iterrows():
    print(lab)
    print(row)
```

## Comments
Well done!

# Loop over DataFrame (2)
The row data that's generated by iterrows() on every run is a Pandas Series. This format is not very convenient to print out. Luckily, you can easily select variables from the Pandas Series using square brackets:

```{python}
for lab, row in brics.iterrows() :
    print(row['country'])
``` 

## Instructions
Adapt the code in the for loop such that the first iteration prints out `"US: 809"`, the second iteration `"AUS: 731"`, and so on. The output should be in the form `"country: cars_per_cap"`. Make sure to print out this exact string, with the correct spacing.

```{python}
# Import cars data
import pandas as pd
cars = pd.read_csv('cars.csv', index_col = 0)

# Adapt for loop
for lab, row in cars.iterrows() :
    print("{}: {}".format(lab, row["cars_per_cap"]))
    # print(row)
```

# Add column (1)
In the video, Filip showed you how to add the length of the country names of the brics DataFrame in a new column:
```{r}
for lab, row in brics.iterrows() :
    brics.loc[lab, "name_length"] = len(row["country"])
```
You can do similar things on the cars DataFrame.

## Instructions
Use a for loop to add a new column, named COUNTRY, that contains a uppercase version of the country names in the "country" column. You can use the string method upper() for this.
To see if your code worked, print out cars. Don't indent this code, so that it's not part of the for loop.

```{python}
# Import cars data
import pandas as pd
cars = pd.read_csv('cars.csv', index_col = 0)

# Code for loop that adds COUNTRY column
for lab, row in cars.iterrows():
    cars.loc[lab, 'COUNTRY'] = row['country'].upper()

# Print cars
print(cars)
```
